Mr. Smith is the owner of a grocery store. He has a computer and a scale. He will buy a a barcode reader. He currently manages goods in his store using Excel. Each kind of goods (e.g. bread, beef, apple...) has the following information: name, barcode number, number of available units, price per unit, provider name, and provider contact information. He currently checks out his customers' orders using a hand-held calculator and writes down the receipts manually. He inputs and updates the information of the goods in his store directly to the Excel spreadsheet. He wants you to develop a a software application for store management

Here are the user stories you want to support in Iteration 1:

1. As a user, I want to check out an order in store for a customer.
2. As a user, I want to add a new product into the system.
3. As a user, I want to update information (e.g., price, available quantity) of a current product in the system.

Task: Write a detailed use case for each user story. At each step, you should provide a prototyped screen sketching how the system might look and work.

This assignment is the next step of the assignment on use case analysis.  

Task 1. Draw a general Data Flow Diagram and three more detailed Data Flow Diagrams (each for a use case) of the Store Management System.

Task 2. Draw an Entity Relationship Diagram for the data of the Store Management System. You should identify all possible attributes and a key for each entity or relationship.

Task 3. Create a sample dataset with at least five products and five orders.



This assignment is the next step of the assignment on use case and data analysis.

Task 1. Draw a class diagram for the Store Management System containing major classes.

Task 2. Write SQL code to create a database for the Store Management System and insert the sample dataset you have prepare in the previous assignment.

Task 3. Write Java code to implement the class diagram you designed in Task 1.

Submit all your work (code, analysis and design documents...) to your team's Github account.
